Added support for the "crop" method. (#2721)
carrierwaveuploader/carrierwave: README.md

Check out the manipulate! method, which makes it easy for you to write your own
manipulation methods.

### Using Vips

> CarrierWave version 2.2.0 added support for the `libvips` image processing library, through [ImageProcessing::Vips](https://github.com/janko/image_processing/blob/master/doc/vips.md). Its functionality matches that of the RMagic and MiniMagic processors, but it uses less memory and offers [faster processing](https://github.com/libvips/libvips/wiki/Speed-and-memory-use). To use the Vips processing module you must first install `libvips`, for example: 

Reviewer: Found a little typo:

```suggestion
CarrierWave version 2.2.0 added support for the `libvips` image processing library, through [ImageProcessing::Vips](https://github.com/janko/image_processing/blob/master/doc/vips.md). Its functionality matches that of the RMagick and MiniMagick processors, but it uses less memory and offers [faster processing](https://github.com/libvips/libvips/wiki/Speed-and-memory-use). To use the Vips processing module you must first install `libvips`, for example: 
```

Method|RMagick|MiniMagick|Vips
------|-----------------|-----------------|-----------------|
`convert`|`format`|`format`, `page`<sup>1</sup>|`format`, `page`<sup>1</sup>
`resize_to_limit`|`width`, `height`|`width`, `height`|`width`, `height`
`resize_to_fit`|`width`, `height`|`width`, `height`|`width`, `height`
`resize_to_fill`|`width`, `height`, `gravity`<sup>2</sup>|`width`, `height`, `gravity`<sup>2</sup>|`width`, `height`
`resize_and_pad`|`width`, `height`, `background`, `gravity`<sup>2</sup>|`width`, `height`, `background`, `gravity`<sup>2</sup>|`width`, `height`, `background`, `gravity`<sup>2</sup>
`resize_to_geometry_string`|`geometry_string`<sup>3</sup>|*not implemented*|*not implemented*
`crop`|`left`, `top`, `width`, `height`|`left`, `top`, `width`, `height`|`left`, `top`, `width`, `height`

<sup>1</sup>`page` refers to the page number when converting from PDF, frame number when converting from GIF, and layer number when converting from PSD.

<sup>2</sup>`gravity` refers to an image position given as one of `Center`, `North`, `NorthWest`, `West`, `SouthWest`, `South`, `SouthEast`, `East`, or `NorthEast`.

> <sup>3</sup>`geometry_string` is an [ImageMagick geometry string](https://rmagick.github.io/imusage.html#geometry).

Reviewer: Nice comparison table 👍
